# Splash Screen Project
So for my final project I want to make a choice game, "Story game" Is the working title. So the idea is that the player is a god/goddess that has created a world filled with life and people, but an evil force outside of the players control is coming to destroy all life on your world. You can't directly intervene, as your mere presence can burn up the world, but you can create things, and mildly influence weak minded people. The splash screen would show you the options of: new world, options, previous worlds. When you click on new world you start by choosing a background for a new hero/heroine. Each background choice gives you advantages and disadvantages. Then the game begins in earnest. So you would see a character icon on the left with a few bars. The prototype should have at least 3 bars. The most important bar would be Motivation. A higher Motivation increases the growth rate and is absolutely essential to win the game. The second bar is Sanity, a higher bar will allow the hero to withstand trauma and allows for social growth, if that bar goes too low the hero takes risks, or loses allies. The third bar would be Insight, it would start low, but the higher the bar goes the more the hero develops. The choices you make influence the three bars, and based on those bars the hero would change or develop. Next to the hero's profile there would be other stats, such as power, equipment, magic, wealth, social standing, and skills. Choices would come up on the right and you would get options such as: Make a friend, Find an artifact, be attacked by monsters, or create a dungeon for exploration. Obviously It would be essential to create as many unique events as possible, but the important thing is that each event affects each of the 3 bars, but the heros stats affect how well it turns out. So for example: if the hero has great power and great insight the monsters choice increases motivation and insight, but lowers sanity. Getting a friend increases sanity alot, but lowers motivation. The idea is that by year 30 they are at the peak of their power and can fight the forces of darkness. If the hero hasn't developed enough the world dies. If the hero goes insane before year 30, there is no hero, and the world dies. If the insight is too high the hero detects the darkness, loses sanity quickly, and possibly goes insane before year 30. The idea is to keep them balanced and have the character grow as fast as possible to protect the world. I also want to have a difficulty slider so that the margin for error becomes harder. I also want to have pictures of the choices. In the end, based on your choices, you have dictated a heros life and can read all the events like you are reading a book/movie and can review it later. The tricky part will be writing it all and deciding on the different events. That's what I am thinking of making and the win conditions/lose conditions. 
